44-PumpkinKveik/README.md, before:

# Pumpkin Kveik
My homebrew club recently started doing duels, and my friend Gene challenged me to a pumpkin beer brew-off. I love me a good pumpkin beer, and I was thrilled with the one I made last year. I based this on [that recipe](../33-PumpkinAle/README.md), but used Kveik yeast to see what I get. I made some other minor adjustments to ingredients, based on what I had handy. 

## Recipe & Brew Day Notes
### Grain bill
- 5.1 lb Copeland 2-row
- 1.4 lb Belgian pils
- 1.3 lb white wheat malt
- 0.6 lb Vienna
- 0.3 lb aromatic
- 0.2 lb chocolate malt
- 0.2 lb flaked rye

### Mash
- Mash in the brew bag in the cooler mash tun
- Mashed with 9.5 qt (a bit stiff, but I hit temperature so I didn't mess with it)
- 150 F for 1 hour
- 0.6 oz Nugget (15.1%) in the mash
- Batch sparge with about 15.8 qt
- Pre-boil volume: about 5 gal
- Pre-boil gravity: about 1.048

### Boil
- Boiled for 60 minutes before any additions, to reduce volume
- 30 oz canned Libby's pumpkin: 30 min
- 0.3 oz Liberty (4.6%): 30 min
- 0.3 oz Liberty (4.6%): 15 min
- Irish moss: 15 min
- Yeast nutrient: 15 min
- 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice: 15 min
- 0.3 oz Liberty (4.6%): 5 min

### Chill
I put the immersion chiller into the boil for the last 5 minutes to sanitize it. I only used the chiller for a few minutes, then stirred up a whirlpool to collect hop matter in the middle.

### Fermenter
- Filled the fermenter pretty hot (see chilling notes) with plans to pitch yeast tomorrow. Put it in the fermentation fridge at 82 F.
- OG: 1.059 (recipe target 1.089ish)
- Imperial Kveiking, mfg ???
- Fermented in 5 gal corny (66041252)

## Final stats
- OG: 1.059
- FG: 1.0xx
- ABV: xx%

## Tasting notes

## Timeline
- 2019.09.08: Brew day

Commit message:

Pitched yeast, started an equipment list

44-PumpkinKveik/README.md, after:

# Pumpkin Kveik
My homebrew club recently started doing duels, and my friend Gene challenged me to a pumpkin beer brew-off. I love me a good pumpkin beer, and I was thrilled with the one I made last year. I based this on [that recipe](../33-PumpkinAle/README.md), but used Kveik yeast to see what I get. I made some other minor adjustments to ingredients, based on what I had handy. 

## Recipe & Brew Day Notes
### Grain bill
- 5.1 lb Copeland 2-row
- 1.4 lb Belgian pils
- 1.3 lb white wheat malt
- 0.6 lb Vienna
- 0.3 lb aromatic
- 0.2 lb chocolate malt
- 0.2 lb flaked rye

### Mash
- Mash in the brew bag in the cooler mash tun
- Mashed with 9.5 qt (a bit stiff, but I hit temperature so I didn't mess with it)
- 150 F for 1 hour
- 0.6 oz Nugget (15.1%) in the mash
- Batch sparge with about 15.8 qt
- Pre-boil volume: about 5 gal
- Pre-boil gravity: about 1.048

### Boil
- Boiled for 60 minutes before any additions, to reduce volume
- 30 oz canned Libby's pumpkin: 30 min
- 0.3 oz Liberty (4.6%): 30 min
- 0.3 oz Liberty (4.6%): 15 min
- Irish moss: 15 min
- Yeast nutrient: 15 min
- 1 tsp pumpkin pie spice: 15 min
- 0.3 oz Liberty (4.6%): 5 min

### Chill
I put the immersion chiller into the boil for the last 5 minutes to sanitize it. I only used the chiller for a few minutes, then stirred up a whirlpool to collect hop matter in the middle.

### Fermenter
- Filled the fermenter pretty hot (see chilling notes) with plans to pitch yeast later. Put it in the fermentation fridge (set at 82 F), and pitched yeast about 6 hours later. 
- OG: 1.059 (recipe target 1.089ish)
- Imperial A44 Kveiking, mfg 6 Aug 2019
- Fermented in 5 gal corny (66041252)

## Final stats
- OG: 1.059
- FG: 1.0xx
- ABV: xx%

## Tasting notes

## Timeline
- 2019.09.08: Brew day
